[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
This is a smartphone.
It is on the 4G network.
But assuming in the next
few months to a year,
it'll jump to the 5G network.
What does that mean?
So we've got researcher
Ben Stewart with us
to talk about 5G, how it plays
into our current reality,
and how it affects
our human potential.
Ben, welcome to the program.
>>BEN STEWART: Thank you
so much for having me back.
>>NOORY: What's the
difference between 4G and 5G?
>>STEWART: Well, the whole
thing with the numbers and the G
is basically the generation
of telecommunications.
So 1G all the way to 3G--
3G was where
smartphones started.
4G was the next evolution of it.
5G is really, a lot of people
are saying it's a faster phone,
it's faster internet, but
it's a deeper infrastructure
embedded into our world.
So it's not just about
the phone anymore.
And the phone may
not actually even
be as relevant in the 5G world.
>>NOORY: Can this phone
function in the 5G world?
Or does the owner of this
phone need to get a new one?
>>STEWART: Well,
these are probably
going to be retrofitted so
there will be new phones
and people will probably start
getting rid of these ones.
These will still work in the
5G world, but in the 5G world,
the new phones are also
going to, in a sense,
outsource a lot of what they
do on the phone to the city
that you live in.
And the 5G world that
we're talking about,
it's not just the
internet company,
it's not just the cell
towers, what it is, is it's
an infrastructure
that leads us deeper
into a surveillance state.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
How so?
How would that work?
>>STEWART: Well,
currently as we speak,
there are satellites
going up, 5G satellites.
So whereas before,
you needed to be
somewhere on planet Earth near
a cell tower to get service.
Soon, we're going to have 5G
pumping all over the world.
You could be in the
middle of the ocean
eventually and still be
able to get your 5G service.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>STEWART: And so
what most people
are thinking about is, will
you be able to download
a movie far quicker?
What used to take
maybe 30, 40 minutes,
you could download
in a couple seconds.
And so that's incredible.
>>NOORY: That fast.
That is incredible.
>>STEWART: Well, we
need let's say driving--
self-driving cars.
It needs high speed internet.
It can't have lag time.
Otherwise, it may miss its turn.
So this is the
explanation as to why
we need to move into a 5G
world, but what it really
is most people aren't getting
the full story of what
the infrastructure of
5G has to do to support
such high-speed internet.
>>NOORY: Then why do they
have to shut our phones off
on a plane?
>>STEWART: Well, mainly
because of the interference.
Supposedly the planes have
their own frequencies going,
and if everyone
has their phone on
and there's data from
the cell towers going
to all these phones
on the plane,
then it interrupts a lot of
the technology on the planes.
>>NOORY: OK, so
it's a safety thing.
>>STEWART: Right, and I think
in the way of the future, that's
also not going to matter because
I think where we are getting
our signal from is going
to start-- it's not
going to be certain nodes.
Like, yes, there will
be the satellites,
there will be the
towers, but it's
going to be ever
present in the world.
Right now, we are
swimming in EMS.
We're swimming in a--
>>NOORY: Oh, bombarding
us everywhere.
>>STEWART: At least 100
million times more emphasis
than our grandparents
dealt with,
but we don't see it, smell
it, taste it, hear it.
And some people say
they can hear it
but it's called
microwave hearing.
>>NOORY: If you have a
5G phone, and most people
put their phones by their
bed when they sleep.
I know what I do is I keep it
plugged in so I'm at 100% power
when I wake up.
Is that dangerous if it's
within 3 feet of you?
>>STEWART: I touch technology
all the time, I'm a filmmaker.
And I notice very little health
effects from it but that's also
because I try and
keep my health up.
For the most part, the people
who are immune-compromised
might have problems with
holding technology all the time,
especially if you're
holding it up to your head.
I would say we need to start
mitigating the problems.
So if you're going to be talking
on the phone, put it on speaker
and set it down.
And we have the
ability to do that.
If we were to wake up into
a smarter way of using
the system that we are--
there's no outrunning 5G.
We're entering this
world no matter what.
It's already happening
in China right now.
>>NOORY: In a big way.
As a matter of
fact, Wuhan, China,
it's fully 5G
compatible, isn't it?
>>STEWART: Fully-blanketed city.
It's the first
fully-blanketed 5G city.
And what that means is, so
that phone that you have,
that's the platform.
And in the 4G world,
you can opt out
by let's say getting
rid of your phone,
running off into the
mountains and hiding.
In a 5G world,
you can't opt out.
So the phone is less
needed because if you're
in a city like Wuhan, China,
you step out your door
and you say Uber.
You don't need to say
it into your phone,
a self-driving
car might come up.
>>NOORY: Wait a minute.
You just say Uber into the
ether and an Uber shows up?
>>STEWART: There's
cameras everywhere.
So right now, there's a
billion cameras in China.
By 2022, there will be two
cameras for every one citizen.
So the system, like whereas
right now your phone is always
picking up what you're
saying, the metadata
is going to data companies,
and that's deciding
what media to send you.
>>NOORY: You can't get a
response back, can you,
without the phone?
>>STEWART: No, without
the phone, you can't.
But potentially, I mean,
if a camera is close enough
to hear you, then there could
be a speaker system or Siri
embedded into Wuhan, China.
So let's say you say Uber, a car
comes up, it sees who you are.
The car does.
It knows your digital identity.
It docks your pay from that--
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>STEWART: You say, I want
to get a bucket of chicken
at the local store.
It brings you there.
The store sees you coming.
Their algorithm
detects your face.
Even if you have
a mask on, it can
detect who you are based on
your height, the way you walk,
several different parameters.
It knows what you ordered, it
hands it to you, you grab it,
the Uber takes you back home.
That's the 5G world.
Not only can you not opt out
but there's a brigadier general
who's talking about this.
He retired because of where the
surveillance state is heading.
He's saying you don't know
where the data is going, who's
using it, or for what purposes.
>>NOORY: Or who's getting it.
>>STEWART: Right.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
How does 5G exactly work
technically from 4G?
What have they done?
>>STEWART: Well, so now, instead
of having towers every several
miles, these tall towers, now--
>>NOORY: For 4G?
>>STEWART: For 4G,
where there are really,
really big tall masts.
Now, you're going to have
things the size of a shoe
box every couple
hundred feet on top
of or on the side
of every building.
So you go to--
>>NOORY: --trees,
wherever, right?
>>STEWART: Yeah.
Yeah, anywhere.
So you go to Sydney, you'll
see every other light
pole has 5G masts on it.
>>NOORY: Why?
Why so many?
>>STEWART: Well,
because several things.
The way 5G works is
a millimeter wave.
So it works on the
different frequency
and there's actually-- you need
to have it more spread out.
And for such fast
internet speeds,
what we're going to
need is these things
need to be in closer
proximity to our technology.
So that's the platform,
that's the infrastructure.
And really, what it is,
what we're talking about
is it's like
building a terrarium.
It's building an environment
for certain kind of creature.
But it's no longer just human
creatures we're talking about.
I think in the future
we're going to have drones
the size of mosquitoes or nuts.
>>NOORY: They already have
little ones like that.
>>STEWART: Right.
And you won't be able to tell
what they are but high fidelity
video, high fidelity
audio, and everything
you say can be picked
up by these things
that you think is
a bug listening in
on your conversation.
The data gets
transcribed and that
goes into a central database.
I'm talking about a
surveillance state
where back in the
Orwellian days,
you would always see this
human behind the visor
or the TV saying like, what
are these people doing?
It's very little human activity
surveilling the world now.
What it is AI computers,
supercomputers,
quantum computers.
So it's every little thing.
Like you can have a
little mosquito that
thinks like a quantum computer,
which what that means is
it predicts future
probable outcomes.
So these little things
that are flying around us,
gathering all our
data are smarter
than I would say a lot of
people because they are using
super computing technology and
it's going through this 5G grid
to this tiny little drone.
>>NOORY: Ben, here's Bloomberg
News on the race for 5G.
>> So what are the
trends of the future?
>> Well, we're going to
be talking a lot about
the connected life and the next
generation of networks called
5G.
And this is, as
Tim Cook was just
saying, this is going to
transform the way we work,
the way we live, and the way we
play for the next generation,
even more than we
have in the last 10.
>> So it's 100 times faster
than speeds we have now.
Right?
What does that mean?
What's possible?
>> There's no lag time.
And so if a car is
going 60 miles an hour
down the highway
in a 4G network,
it would stop in 4.6 feet.
Under a 5G scenario, that same
60-mile-an-hour car would stop
in an inch.
So it really does
let you do autonomous
cars and remote
surgeries, all kinds
of things with
these new networks.
>>NOORY: All right, Ben.
She makes 5G sound
like it's a panacea.
What are we missing here?
>>STEWART: Well, I think
she did a pretty good job,
but I don't think
most of the population
really knows how
to conceptualize
what's being built here.
So what she's leaving
out is she said
100,000 times faster internet.
But what that means is
we're also producing data.
The internet is 30 years
old, and the amount
of data we've produced
is incredible.
So where does all that data go?
Into these supercomputers.
Why?
What is that there to do?
It's to predict human behavior.
It's to study human
behavior and to predict it.
So what we're building,
what she was leaving out
is where this is all heading.
We're building the environment.
Like a terrarium, we're building
the environment for something
to eventually grow in there.
But that's AI.
>>NOORY: Is that a good thing
or a bad thing, in your opinion?
>>STEWART: Well, I don't
even put it into those terms,
because I feel
like most people--
I always study
conspiracy theory,
and all the conspiracy theorists
are saying that this 5G
world is the end game.
>>NOORY: It's dangerous.
>>STEWART: It's going
to be the end of us.
And I think there's many ways
of mitigating the harms of 5G.
And also, I think that where 5G
is leading us in the conspiracy
world is really only a few
degrees away from a utopian
world, where, if all of
this-- if the data was
open source, if there
was crypto or, let's say,
blockchain technology that kept
everybody who was using data
more accountable, then this
wouldn't be the scary world
that everyone's thinking about.
So I think this is actually
a perfect opportunity for us
to wake up and actually step
into a world that's a bit more
utopian than that dystopian.
>>NOORY: "Resonance" is a film
that we played on the Gaia
program "Beings of
Frequency" that explores
just how we're connected.
>> Eventually, they came
up with an exact frequency.
The pulse of the
Earth, human resonance
was exactly 7.83 Hertz.
Their discovery was remarkable.
Human resonance wasn't just
similar to the alpha waves
of the human brain,
it was identical.
The brain's frequency, which
controlled our creativity,
our performance, our stress,
anxiety, and our immune system
had somehow tuned in to the
frequency of the planet.
The pulse of the Earth had
become the pulse of life
itself.
>>NOORY: So tell us about
your thoughts of that.
Is that accurate?
>>STEWART: It absolutely is.
We are beings of frequency,
and our environment
has this thing called
this human resonance.
And that allows us to live.
It matches our alpha brain.
>>NOORY: That's within
the human being.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And so that is the
frequency that, in a sense,
gives us the pulse of life.
>>NOORY: Do we really need 5G?
Can't we get by with this phone?
>>STEWART: We can, yes.
But I think now we're getting
into what is the agenda.
Why do we need this--
>>NOORY: Why do we need this--
>>STEWART: --rapidly expanding
the technological world.
>>NOORY: And what's beyond 5G?
>>NOORY: Is there 6G?
Is there 7G?
>>STEWART: China is
already working on 6G.
So China is ahead
of the US in 5G
because it started
noticing that,
because the US was ahead
in our personal devices--
that's 4G world-- they wanted
to get ahead of the curve on 5G.
And now so they're
already working
on 6G, which we can't
conceptualize yet
because most people can't
even conceptualize what 5G is.
>>NOORY: No, they can't.
>>STEWART: So it will be
more radiation for sure,
but what it is--
like 5G is-- still
so many people are talking
about what the radiation is
going to do to the body.
I'm more curious about what is
this technology growing to be,
because what I think
it is, if we look back
to Rudolf Steiner,
who was talking
about electromagnetic
radiation in 1978--
or in 1917, he was talking
about this thing called
the advent of Ahriman, which is
a god built off of technology,
and calculating very cold.
And I think that's
what we're building.
We're building an AI god
on a biological Earth.
But this is actually maybe
a blessing in disguise
because, if there's
no stopping 5G,
you can't run into
the mountains anymore.
The world is blanketed
in 5G and surveillance.
So if you can't escape it,
you have to transcend it.
And so this is actually
the perfect opportunity
for a mass awakening.
And I think what's
beautiful about it
is the infrastructure is
currently being held by what we
would call the elite, the 1%.
And nobody seems
to trust that 1%.
But if it were to
be in the hands,
if this infrastructure
were to be open source
and in the hands
of people, I think
we would see the biggest
art revolution in the world.
>>NOORY: You do.
There have been some tragedies
surrounding 5G towers, where
people have taken it
in their own hands
and have destroyed the
towers because they're afraid
of this technology.
Is that going to
become more widespread?
>>STEWART: I think it is.
And I also--
I think those are
powerful statements,
but I'm not the type
to go out and protest.
I'm not the type to go out and
show that kind of an expression
because I feel the world
that we're moving into,
there are some that
want the AI world.
And I think the AI world is
not the end of the human world,
it's just the way
it looks right now.
How can we possibly
coexist with technology?
Well, I think that we
can, but it's not going
to happen by signs of violence.
So I've seen that footage
of people taking down
these towers, burning
them because they think
this is a risk to our health.
But we can mitigate
the health risks,
but you don't hear
these people who
are against 5G talking about how
this could potentially benefit
our human health by sending
us, like that woman was saying,
remote surgery.
Imagine you're
getting surgery done
not by shaking hands of a
human, but laser precision,
maybe even technology
that's the size-- that's
microscopic, and can go inside
and actually do the job,
and you won't even have much
of a recovery time afterwards.
>>NOORY: Can you imagine a
laser going through your heart
arteries that might be
clogged, rather than
some doctor with
an angiogram trying
to pierce his way through?
>>STEWART: Yeah.
Look at 3D printers,
how precise they are,
and how they can
pierce through, not
make any effect in the epoxy
or whatever the medium is here,
but then make an effect here.
So we could be able to do that,
pierce into the body where
it doesn't affect the
skin or the tissues,
but then it goes exactly
where it needs to.
That's the world we
could be moving into.
>>NOORY: Ben, how
much radiation are
we going to be bombarded
with with the 5G?
>>STEWART: Well,
before 5G, there
is already 100 million
times more radiation
than our grandparents,
just 50 years ago.
I think that woman was saying
100,000 times faster internet.
We're talking about another
increase, about 100,000
or 100 million times more
radiation in this new world
that we're talking about.
Now, this new world is
starting in the cities,
and it's moving
out into suburbia.
It's already up above our
heads in the satellites.
So it's not going to
be the Orwellian state
that we think it's going to be.
Or I don't know if
you watch "Westworld."
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>STEWART: They're really
showing us where it's going
and what the data is
doing, because it's
predicting who people are
going to grow up to be.
There are some
pitfalls to it, but I
think that there's
actually incredible amounts
of opportunity.
But we, the humans,
need to wake up.
We can't wait for our leaders
or AI to bring in this utopia.
We need to build it.
>>NOORY: And Ben, here's
President Trump's uncle,
John Trump, talking about
the exposure to radiation.
>> My involvement with that
generator and accelerator
system was always peripheral.
At Round Hill, Lester
and Chester Van Atta
worked with Van de
Graaff to build it.
And at Round Hill, they
produced 5 and 1/2 million volts
between the two terminals.
And they did stretch a
horizontal evacuated tube
between the two terminals.
But that particular
effort was not successful,
partly because the radiation
efforts were so high,
but partly also because
there was a radiation
problem in the terminal.
>> Sure.
>> I did visit Round Hill,
well, in the early days,
when it was first being turned,
on a weekend once or twice.
And on one of these
occasions, I believe
I might have been the first
one to be in the terminal
when it was energized.
It happened late at night,
about 10 or 11 o'clock,
in this dark blimp hangar.
And I was sent up armed with
a heavy ball-peen hammer
to knock on the
aluminum sphere in case
the paper belts showed any
tendency to run off the pulleys
and tear.
And on this occasion,
they had succeeded
in drying the belt sufficiently
so that it did develop voltage,
and did carry charge
up to the terminal.
And shortly after
they started the belt,
and then actuated
the corona system,
a terrific spark-over
took place from the edge
of the two-foot opening
through which I had come
to a roof rafter 20 feet away.
And since I experienced
no physiological reaction,
I realized, which I hadn't
fully believed before,
that Michael Faraday
had been right.
>>NOORY: So this guy was exposed
to 5 and 1/2 million volts,
and nothing happened to him?
>>STEWART: Mhm.
He was saying Michael
Faraday was right.
So if you've heard of Faraday
paint, Faraday fabric,
Faraday cages--
>>NOORY: Faraday cages, sure.
>>STEWART: --these are
things that allow for no EMFs
to go through it.
So he was protected in that way.
But fun fact about
him, John G. Trump,
President Donald Trump's--
>>NOORY: Trump's uncle.
>>STEWART: --uncle, who Trump
has spoken about in the past,
he took over all of
Nikola Tesla's work
one week after
Nikola Tesla died.
>>NOORY: This guy did?
>>STEWART: This guy did.
And he took it to MIT.
>>NOORY: Well, I had heard
that Tesla's files were
robbed by government.
>>STEWART: Yep.
>>NOORY: And he got them?
>>STEWART: The
Defense Department one
week later brought it and
dropped it on his table
and said, can you see if
this can be weaponized?
He looked through it
and he said, actually--
and this isn't to say
anything about Nikola Tesla,
but he said he wasn't
that impressed,
and he wanted to improve
upon all the technology.
So he started working on
particle accelerators,
like the one in CERN--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>STEWART: --and generators
that we are now seeing today.
So it's quite interesting.
I don't know if you
caught he said the corona
system in there.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>STEWART: Because the corona,
a corona ejection is like--
have you ever seen those things
where you put your thumb on it,
and an electrode
starts zapping--
>>NOORY: Zzz, zzz.
>>STEWART: --towards
your finger?
>>NOORY: Yep.
>>STEWART: Right.
Those plasma balls,
that's a corona ejection.
So the interesting
thing is this guy
took all of Nikola Tesla's
work and brought it
to MIT, and then DOD, DARPA--
>>NOORY: They all jumped in.
>>STEWART: --Lincoln Labs,
they all started jumping in.
And one of the
newest things that
wasn't directly from this,
but DOD and Lincoln Labs
has started working on
advanced optics that is now
in this telescope
that they're trying
to build on top of Mauna Kea
in Hawaii, which is an eye.
It's called an optical
eye, the best technology
the world has ever seen
on the top of a mountain
going all the way down
to the tectonic plate.
It's the highest
mountain in the world.
So you think about
that, there's an eye
on top of a pyramid
or a mountain,
kind of like the Eye of Sauron
in "Lord of the Rings--"
>>NOORY: Or what we see--
>>STEWART: --all-seeing eye on--
>>NOORY: --on the back of a
bill or something like that.
>>STEWART: Exactly.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
Is 5G technology going to be
beneficial, in your opinion,
for humanity?
>>STEWART: Yes, I do.
We could have devices that
actually are beneficial,
using frequencies that are
beneficial for the human
organism, like a cat's
purr or a horse's heart
is actually healthy
for our heart
even if we're standing
10 feet away from it.
>>NOORY: Or a pig's heart
or something like that.
>>STEWART: Well, a horse's
heart, they've actually found,
there's technology to show that
horses have such a strong heart
field it extends 20
feet beyond their body.
And if you have a heart
problem in the way
that it's, in a
sense, fluctuating,
the electromagnetic field,
standing next to a horse
can bring your heart
field back into coherence.
>>NOORY: Really?
Just standing next to a horse.
>>STEWART: Just
standing next to it.
And that's domesticated horses.
>>NOORY: I wish
I would have been
next to Secretariat in his day.
>>STEWART: With that huge heart?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>STEWART: That's right.
>>NOORY: This is
incredible technology.
I love technology, Ben.
I think it's been beneficial--
>>STEWART: Me, too.
>>NOORY: --in the right hands.
I put that in quotes.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What happens
if 5G or 6G or 7G
gets in the hands
of the wrong people?
>>STEWART: Well, this is
the core reason why I also--
I study the conventional
news and alternative news,
and many people in
the alternative news,
they think that it's
already in the wrong hands.
Now, I believe that we have
sleeper cells, if you will,
we have conscious
people in high places.
They just don't realize
what kind of battle
we're actually in right now.
And the thing is you
can say whether you
trust the elite or not.
Some people do.
Most people don't.
But we don't know whether or not
to trust what a supercomputer
thinks and does.
And like I said, the
surveillance state,
it's not people deciding what
to do with all this data.
It's computers deciding.
And then it's people looking at
the data and saying thank you,
computer, I'll take
your word for it,
this is what's likely
going to happen.
You know, what's going
to happen in two weeks?
Well, let's let the
supercomputer check out
probable outcomes.
Thank you, supercomputer.
You see what I mean?
It's almost like
religion is coming back
in the form of technology.
So we're building a god,
and we're listening to it
as, you know, back in the
desert, Moses and his camp,
they were listening to
the Lord in that way.
Well, now we're building
the scaffolding for a body
for it to literally live in a
physical body on this world.
>>NOORY: I think
technology is amazing, Ben.
I mean, we could take a picture
of each other in this studio,
beam it to anybody you want, and
they'd get it within seconds.
Text messaging instantly.
What will 5G do to
speeding that up even more?
>>STEWART: Well, yeah,
like in 4G world,
we already have a world where
you can FaceTime somebody
on the other side of
the planet in real time
with high fidelity.
This is going to amplify
that, but this is also
what we need for
virtual reality,
where you can actually be
at a concert with goggles
on and that little headset on
and feel like you're actually
there.
So I think where we're starting
to head with this is technology
is going to start recreating
simulated environments
in a different way
than "Westworld."
So "Westworld" is, well, there's
no more Wild, Wild West, so
let's build a world
where you go and you're
interfacing with real world,
but also with computers.
Well, eventually, it's going to
be where you could be sitting
in your seat, and you're
hooked up to a system,
and you feel like
you're in that world.
You're smelling what they want
you to smell in that world.
You're seeing what
they want you to see.
And this could be done
wirelessly and remotely,
not even invasively.
You may not even, in the future,
need to hook yourself up to it.
So do we trust that or not?
Because then there could be
somebody sitting over here
in this room that's
not actually there,
but we think that
person is there.
We could touch that
artificial person,
and the stimuli will
go through our body,
making us feel like
they are really there.
>>NOORY: Can we opt
out of 5G, or are we
going to be forced
into it as individuals?
>>STEWART: In a
way, I don't even
think we were able
to opt out of 4G.
You're walking through a
park or downtown Manhattan,
everyone's got their
phones up to their ears,
and there's a camera going
this way and a camera
going that way.
There's people going like this.
There's cameras
aimed everywhere.
There's microphones.
You weren't able to opt out
of it unless you ran off
into the woods, where
there's no cell signal,
or go into an
underground bunker.
5G, there's no opting out
because it's in the sky.
It's on every single building.
And anyone who has
a phone, there's
beam-forming technology,
meaning it's not a beacon that
goes out in every direction.
Now, with GPS, they can
triangulate your position
within a few meters--
>>NOORY: Know exactly
where you are.
>>STEWART: --and send a
specific frequency to you
over there within
a few square feet.
>>NOORY: Do you think
5G has the ability
to bend space and time, Ben?
>>STEWART: I think
it already is.
I think this technology
actually goes all the way back
to the chronovisor in the early
1900s, which is this visor that
allows you to see
future probabilities
and see into past events.
But I don't think most people
even know what spacetime is.
And I think that what 5G
technology is now ushering us
into is the ability for
us to realize that even
the past is not set in stone.
The past can be augmented
because right now
is all that exists.
In the past, there's
quantum residue
that holds the memory in place.
But there's people who use
this chronovisor to view
past events, but other
people who were present
were seeing different
past events,
meaning it's kind of
like quantum phenomena
that, if you want to see the
wave collapse into a particle,
you'll see it, but if you
want to see it stay as a wave
you'll see that.
Now, we're talking about
here's my human hand.
You amplify it 10 billion
times, you get down
to the atomic structure.
That behaves
according to physics.
You amplify it 1
trillion trillion times,
it gets down to
the quantum level.
>>NOORY: You've changed it.
>>STEWART: Right.
And quantum level, it goes
through retrograde motion.
It doesn't obey the
law of linear time.
It doesn't obey
the law of space,
either, because entangled
particles across the universe
can communicate with
each other in real time.
I think what it's doing is it's
teaching us that we actually
have access to exactly
what all this technology is
doing in the first place.
>>NOORY: Like Star Trek's
teleportation device.
Are we moving toward
that kind of technology,
where we can move people and
objects anyplace we want?
>>STEWART: Absolutely.
And I know that I've
seen on your show
before people talking
about stargates,
and some of these
portals where--
>>NOORY: William Henry.
>>STEWART: Right.
And they're religious in
nature because you also
have to be oriented
in your consciousness
to be able to be transported
in a healthy way.
Do we have the technology
operational right now?
I can't say for sure.
But is that the next--
is that going to be 6G, 7G?
I think yes.
>>NOORY: Are you going to go 5G?
>>STEWART: We're
already there, and yes.
What my belief is, is that
there's no outrunning it,
and it's rolling
out as we speak.
So like I said before,
instead of trying to beat it
or trying to tear it down, I
think we need to transcend it.
We need to, in body and
mind, be a lot healthier
so we're not affected
by the inflammation
that the radio waves cause.
But then we need
to use it for art.
We need to use it
to wake people up.
And the infrastructure
is already here.
That's the beautiful thing.
They're building
the infrastructure
for how we can awaken
people through art,
but we are the ones who
need to make the content.
We need to speak about things
in less of a scary way,
and show the potential
benefits, rather than
all the potential harms with
no mention of the solutions.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
the conspiracy theorists are
so negative about 5G?
I'm not going to
say they're wrong,
but why are they so
negative about it?
>>STEWART: Mainly, I
think that's residue
from this old paradigm,
because if we look back
into the institutions
and the people who
ran those institutions
that are actually
building what 5G is today,
nobody can really trust that.
They've taken over our
educational system.
They've implanted TVs in
every single household.
We're being swarmed with
different kinds of media
that changes the way we think.
Of course we don't trust them.
But I think we don't
have to trust them.
What we need to do
is realize that we're
more powerful than them
and these little microwave
radiation signals
that we're receiving.
We are more powerful.
But we will not be more
powerful until we wake up to it.
And the only thing
that I think is
going to inspire people to
step into their inner power
is meditation and
art that brings us
into this world
inside of us, where
we realize we are the ones
that hold all the power.
Thank you, 5G, for giving us the
platform for our own awakening.
That's what I say.
>>NOORY: Ben, the
study that you've
kind of alluded to by the
Michigan Medicine team
that there is a
natural occurring
DMT in the human brain
or the mammal brain,
for example, how
will 5G affect that?
>>STEWART: Well, I think
that study was really
showing that there's this
speculation that we produce
so little DMT, it
really shouldn't matter.
Well, that was the study
that showed us, no, we're
producing DMT all the time,
and it's always a part
of the way we decode reality.
5G is bending the way
we decode reality.
It's interesting, and a lot of
people fear it, but I think--
>>NOORY: Is it putting
us in another world?
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And like I said, I
think what it can
do is it can cause for
different neurochemical ratios
to just start naturally
cascading through your brain.
So it can make you
feel like you are
in a different state
of consciousness,
and even perceiving
a different reality.
Now, I don't think that it
can just turn on a DMT trip
for people, but I do
think that we're actually
leading in that direction.
And 5G, it's already
studying the human.
It's studying not
just our behavior,
but it's studying our neurology.
It's taking all the data
that's been done after studying
neurology for decades now.
So it's getting to the
point where it understands
how we operate biologically.
And if it wants
to, in the future,
it can find what
kind of frequency
do we need to send
to George in order
to turn on or turn off DMT.
How do we turn off serotonin?
How do we make him
feel depressed,
or how do we bring
him out of depression?
>>NOORY: So you're saying
they can control my reality.
>>STEWART: Perceived reality.
Now, this is where I think
the conscious revolution needs
to actually start
stepping up its game.
If we thought that
consciousness and awakening
consciousness was a
great idea 10 years ago,
today it's a necessity.
What it's going to be able to
do is alter the physical reality
and the vibrational reality.
But there is a part of
reality that sits in a vacuum.
And we find this in meditation.
It's that stillness
we hear about.
So I think more
people need to learn
how to be in that stillness
and be in their center
while engaging with the outer
world, while walking around,
not just in seated meditation.
But I think all those
older spiritual traditions
are now more needed than ever.
And I think the utopian
world, aside from that,
is computers figuring
out how to allow
us to awaken the consciousness
more rapidly than, let's
say, the Buddha had to.
All those sages who
needed to spend decades
in a cave in meditation,
we need to learn
how to do this and come into
our center in the coming weeks
and months in order
to start staving off
the rapid increase
in radio waves,
and also the intelligence
that's the surveillance state.
>>NOORY: Is there going to be
a camera at every 500-foot box
that you talked about?
>>STEWART: Potentially.
But I don't even think
there needs to be a camera.
I actually think cameras
are going to start--
that's going to be--
>>NOORY: Passe?
>>STEWART: Yeah, because what
5G is going to be able to do,
you know already
in airports, you go
and you've got to get
that millimeter wave.
The same wavelength where
it sends millimeter waves
through your body and it can
tell if you're hiding something
even under your skin, all these
little boxes that are being put
up are basically
cameras, but they're
visualizing things differently.
Now, in Wuhan, China,
there's a rollout
of these helmets that
are given to cops.
Now, these cops
have a visor where
they can look at
people on the street
and they could see,
oh, well that's Joe,
that's Jane, that's whatever.
I can tell because
their digital ID.
>>NOORY: It's like
a little television
screen in front of them.
>>STEWART: It is.
And it augments reality.
It doesn't replace it.
It shows, oh, well, I see
this person walking down.
And I can see who it is.
I know like what
their bank account is.
I know how much--
>>NOORY: They've got
a low credit score.
>>STEWART: Right, I
know their credit score,
if they have warrants
out for their arrest.
So these are the
small-time things.
They also, right now in
China, they have infrared.
So they can tell if somebody
is walking down the street
and has a fever from a virus.
But eventually,
where could this go?
Could they tell, oh, this person
hasn't had their vaccines yet,
and they can go
up and say, I can
tell you haven't
had your vaccine,
you need to come with me--
>>NOORY: Or you're arrested.
>>STEWART: Right.
You haven't had your vaccine,
or, oh, you have this kind of
genotype--
>>NOORY: It's
Orwellian, isn't it?
>>STEWART: It's very Orwellian.
And nobody even knows--
the idea of Orwell, when people
started reading about that,
was, again, it was
human intelligence.
We're not dealing with
human intelligence anymore.
We're dealing with a
disembodied intelligence,
where any device is as
smart as a quantum computer.
Whereas we're as
smart as humans,
mosquitoes are as
smart as mosquitoes,
dogs are as smart as
dogs, in this world,
you could have something that
looks exactly like a dog,
but it's as smart as
a quantum computer.
It knows your digital ID.
And let's say if you
wanted to send something
to go in and neutralize
or kill and assassinate
some kind of leader, you
don't send in a human,
you send in something
microscopic that
gets inside their body,
replicates, replicates,
and takes them over.
This is the kind of world
that is very, very possible.
And I'm not talking
100 years from now.
>>NOORY: You're talking now.
>>STEWART: I'm talking it's
already being rolled out.
We already have
mosquito-sized drones.
gnat-sized drones.
We could potentially
build something
the size of a mountain, with
time, that has far more power.
I think that is what
we're actually building,
is eventually there's going
to be things far bigger
than us that we are just
going to have to bow down
to because we don't know how
to contend with something
that intelligent,
something that powerful.
And that's why right
now, not tomorrow, people
need to start
working on themselves
and working on how
we are going to wake
up to this being a
threat now, but how
do we turn it inside
out into our salvation.
And it's not going to be they,
it's not going to be the elite,
and it's probably not going
to be the computers themselves
that do it.
We need to do it.
>>NOORY: Does this technology
scare you or enlighten you?
>>STEWART: You know, I
strangely get inspired
when I see world events.
Like a global quarantine,
a global lockdown,
nothing like that seems to scare
me because I see everything
as opportunity for growth.
>>NOORY: You do.
>>STEWART: Yeah, because
I could die tomorrow.
Who really knows.
There could be an accident,
and I could die tomorrow.
Or, I could live a nice,
long, healthy life.
The outer world,
I get to witness
it going through this
rapid transformation.
It doesn't matter whether I
think it's good, benevolent,
bad, maleficent.
It doesn't matter what I think.
What matters is it's
giving me an opportunity
to transcend my old level of
consciousness into a new level.
So like I said
before, I think we
need to thank what's happening.
But that doesn't mean just,
oh, thank it and ignore it.
We need to thank it and
get more involved with it.
We need to engage
with this world more
because 99% of the population
knows 1% of what's going on
in the world right now.
>>NOORY: What happens,
and what happened
to when life was simpler?
>>STEWART: What
happened to that.
>>NOORY: We didn't
have cell phones.
We got by.
We had certain things.
Wasn't life simpler then, Ben?
And that's probably even
before you were born.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
And I believe it was, in a way.
I kind of have this
romantic idea of I
wish we could go back
5,000, 10,000 years ago,
before any kind of technology--
>>NOORY: I don't want
to go back that far.
>>STEWART: No?
Well, you know--
>>NOORY: I still want my radio.
>>STEWART: Right.
I actually love having a phone.
I love having the
internet at my disposal.
If I have any inkling that
I want to learn something,
I can learn it within seconds,
whereas 500 years ago--
>>NOORY: Well, that's true.
You can get instant answers.
I mean, my producer, Tom,
uses Voice all the time.
And anytime I have a
question about something,
he's on it like
instantly into his phone.
You know, tell me, how
many years, da-da-da-da-da.
And it spits back an answer.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You couldn't have
done that 15 years ago.
>>STEWART: No.
And what's really happening
is time is accelerating,
or what we perceive as
time is accelerating.
So whereas it took hundreds
of thousands of years
to build these simple
tools, utter words,
mark them on caves, put
them into languages,
start sharing the
languages, getting people
to think more in terms
of language, then
eventually start the printing
press so we can put it out
there more, then eventually
start building technology where
we can start talking to
people across the globe,
now sharing our faces,
time is accelerating.
We've always been moving
in this direction,
ever since the first
word was ever spoken.
>>NOORY: Oh, we're there now.
>>STEWART: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Is this evolutionary
leap great for humanity?
>>STEWART: I think it is.
>>NOORY: I mean, it's going to
make intelligent kids, right?
>>STEWART: Our kids
today, I mean, I
have a four-year-old
daughter that
can already use
an iPad almost as
well as I could use technology.
>>NOORY: And play games
and everything else.
>>STEWART: Mhm.
And they just pick
it up like a sponge.
So really, if we can get past
some of the health risks of it
and start to minimize
that, maybe even tweak it
to where it's actually
benefiting our health,
then I think we're
going to start
waking up to exponential
leaps in what we
can do with technology.
>>NOORY: So you think
we're going to continue
to progress as a human.
>>STEWART: I do.
And I think the future human is
going to probably not resemble
current humans anymore because
we're going to start being--
we may resemble
it, but in a sense,
we're already fusing
with technology.
There's already these talk
of RFID chips implanted
into our body, nanotechnology
that goes into your body.
People have false hips.
You know, this technology
is already here.
But imagine it with
four or five generations
beyond where it's at now.
>>NOORY: It could be exciting.
It could also be devastating.
>>STEWART: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Need to be careful.
Ben, how do people track
you and get ahold of you?
>>STEWART: Go to
benjosephstewart.com.
And I'm basically-- my show
"Limitless" is on Gaia,
and I'm speaking
about human potential.
And I do speak about
technology there.
So that's how you
can get ahold of me.
And I would encourage
everybody who
wants to know what's
happening with 5G,
is our conscious awakening,
please get in touch with me.
>>NOORY: Well,
maybe the next time
you're on "Belief" we'll
be talking about 7 or 8G.
>>STEWART: That's right.
>>NOORY: God knows what'll
be happening then, huh?
>>STEWART: I can't wait.
>>NOORY: Ben, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>STEWART: It's
an honor, George.
Thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: It's amazing,
5G technology.
But there are a lot
of people out there
that are petrified of
this kind of technology.
Let's hope they're wrong.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]